Here are 50 task ideas centered around Kadane's algorithm:

Find the maximum sum of a contiguous subarray in an array (Classic Kadane’s Algorithm).
Find the maximum circular subarray sum.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray of size K.
Maximum product of a contiguous subarray.
Find the length of the longest contiguous subarray with a sum equal to K.
Maximum sum of a subarray with at most K elements.
Maximum sum subarray removing at most one element.
Find the sum of the largest sum contiguous subarray in a 2D matrix.
Maximum sum subarray with the removal of at most one element.
Maximum sum subarray by flipping signs of at most K array elements.
Find maximum average subarray of K length.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray with evenly spaced elements.
Maximum sum subarray with exactly K even numbers.
Find the smallest subarray length with a sum greater than a given value.
Maximum subarray sum after dividing array into K subarrays.
Longest subarray with sum divisible by K.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray in a circular array.
Maximum subarray sum after inverting sign of any subarray once.
Maximum sum subarray with at most K distinct elements.
Find the subarray with least average.
Maximum sum subarray after deleting at most one element.
Maximum sum of non-overlapping subarrays of size K.
Maximum sum of hourglass in matrix.
Maximum sum of a path in a right number triangle.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray in a 2D array with at most K elements.
Longest subarray with at most K odd numbers.
Maximum sum of subsequence with no adjacent elements.
Maximum sum of all subarrays of size K.
Maximum sum subarray with at least K elements.
Find maximum sum subarray among all subarrays of size K.
Maximum sum subarray in a binary array with at most K swaps.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray with alternating signs.
Maximum subarray sum modulo M.
Maximum sum subarray of size at least K.
Maximum sum of all subarrays of size at most K.
Maximum sum of a concatenated subarray.
Maximum sum of non-overlapping subarrays of size at least K.
Maximum subarray sum in an array created after K concatenations.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray with at most K zero flips.
Maximum sum of a subarray with elements from different rows in a matrix.
Maximum sum subarray with the difference between maximum and minimum elements less than K.
Maximum sum of two non-overlapping subarrays.
Maximum subarray sum in a rotated array.
Maximum sum of M non-overlapping subarrays.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray with binary elements after at most K flips.
Longest subarray with sum less than or equal to K.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray with at most K positive elements.
Maximum sum subarray after reversing any subarray.
Find the subarray with maximum sum and length greater than or equal to L.
Maximum sum of a contiguous subarray of size between L and R (inclusive).