Here are 50 coding task ideas related to subsets:

Generate all subsets of a set (Power Set).
Find subsets that sum to a particular value.
Generate all subsets of a particular size.
Print all subsets of a string.
Find subsets with a given difference between their sums.
Generate unique subsets from a set with duplicates.
Count subsets with a given sum.
Find the subset with the maximum sum.
Generate all possible combinations of K numbers from 1 to N.
Find all possible subsets that sum up to a prime number.
Generate subsets in lexicographical (sorted) order.
Subset Sum Problem.
Partition a set into two subsets such that the difference of subset sums is minimum.
Find the number of subsets that are divisible by a particular number.
Check if a subset with zero sum exists.
Generate all contiguous subarrays of an array.
Find the largest divisible subset.
Print all subsets of a set in a Gray-code order.
Subset generation by bitwise representation.
Find the subset with elements in a given range.
Find all subsets of a set in a spiral order.
Generate subsets with bitwise AND greater than a given number.
Generate all permutations of a set.
Subsets that contain a particular element.
Find the total sum of all subset sums.
Enumerate subsets of a set in a binary tree representation.
Find the smallest subset with a sum greater than all other elements.
Backtracking to generate all possible subsets.
Dynamic programming approach to subset generation.
Subset generation using Stack.
Iterative method to generate subsets.
Generate all possible subsets using recursion.
Subset generation with a fixed number of bits set.
Find all subsets that are palindrome partitions of a string.
Print all subsets in a tree format.
Generate subsets with an equal sum in two halves.
Subset generation by shifting numbers.
Generate subsets with elements in ascending order.
Generate all possible combinations of a phone number.
Find subsets whose elements are Fibonacci numbers.
Generate subsets with exclusive OR (XOR) of elements being even.
Subsets of an array with elements in geometric progression.
Generate subsets where each subset is a binary search tree.
Subset generation avoiding adjacent elements.
Generate subsets of arrays having alternate positive and negative numbers.
Subset generation with a maximum element constraint.
Generate subsets where the sum of every two adjacent elements is prime.
Generate all balanced parentheses combinations.
Generate subsets of a set represented as a bit vector.
Subset generation with sum of subset elements being a perfect square.